Option to disable stream api checking in Nginx Plus (#7241)
DataDog/integrations-core: nginx/README.md

    **NGINX Plus**:

      - For NGINX Plus releases 13+, set the parameter `use_plus_api` to `true` in your `nginx.d/conf.yaml` configuration file.

>       - If you like to also enable streaam stats api calls set the parameter `use_plus_api_stream` to `true` in your `nginx.d/conf.yaml` configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Stream stats api calls come included by default for NGINX Plus, if you wish to disable them set the parameter `use_plus_api_stream` to `false` in your `nginx.d/conf.yaml` configuration file.
```

    **NGINX Plus**:

      - For NGINX Plus releases 13+, set the parameter `use_plus_api` to `true` in your `nginx.d/conf.yaml` configuration file.

>       - Stream stats api calls come included by default for NGINX Plus, if you wish to disable them set the parameter `use_plus_api_stream` to `false` in your `nginx.d/conf.yaml` configuration file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      - Stream stats API calls are included by default for NGINX Plus. If you want to disable them, set the parameter `use_plus_api_stream` to `false` in your `nginx.d/conf.yaml` configuration file.
```
